Mr. Rabbit?
The old man toasts you
Wait for the old man to do it first.
This hahaha
Ugly boy is here today
Make our neighbors shine
Ugly boy, I'll do it first, you can do it at will.
Dad, this kid doesn't look like a monk
Excuse me, please drink
Hahahaha
Mr. Chu?
This time, the Chu family cooperated with the four major families
Why come to invest with us?
Very simple.
Because I'm here.
Mr. Ugly
What is your relationship with the Chu family of the four major families?
Well, I'm not very familiar with the Chu family
But speaking of which, they wanted to meet me.
Presumptuous
Arrest me
What are you doing?
The cook just gave tens of billions of orders
His name is on the contract
Good boy, you are going to kill our Lin family
Catch me catch me
Why should I leave?
What a guy!
You actually took a fake contract as a gift
It's a good thing for our Lin family and Wang family
If I let you go today
The face of our Lin family, He Tun
Pack this up for me
Who told you this is a gift from me?
This is just my face for Lin Shishi
Help you with Lin's clothes
Zhang accept